Add a table listing STL datatypes and their Godot equivalents in C++ usage guidelines (#10873)
godotengine/godot-docs: contributing/development/cpp_usage_guidelines.rst

|                        |                          | other types in new code, unless using ``List`` avoids the need for type conversions. |
+------------------------+--------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``Span``               | ``std::span``            | Represents read-only access to a contiguous array without needing to copy any data.  |
|                        |                          | See `pull request description <https://github.com/godotengine/godot/pull/100293>`__  |
|                        |                          | for details.                                                                         |
+------------------------+--------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``HashSet``            | ``std::unordered_set``   | **Use this as the "default" set type.**                                              |
+------------------------+--------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``RBSet``              | ``std::unordered_set``   | Uses a `red-black tree <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red-black_tree>`__             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``RBSet``              | ``std::set``             | Uses a `red-black tree <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red-black_tree>`__             |
```
This was correctly in that sense, also I think a description of `RBMap` is needed as well, might also want to describe `VSet` and `VMap`, which are equivalent to `std::flat_set/map` (which are in C++23, or in Boost)

Reviewer 2: `VSet` and `VMap` also notably use copy-on-write semantics. But they aren't used much in the engine at all, and the benefit is unclear, so it has been proposed to remove them again. 
I guess there's no harm in covering them since they do exist, but I'd probably attach a note that the benefits aren't clearly established.

See :ref:`doc_faq_why_not_stl` for more information.

This means that pull requests should **not** use ``std::string``,
``std::vector`` and the like. Instead, use Godot's datatypes as described below.
A 📜 icon denotes the type is part of :ref:`Variant <doc_variant_class>`. This
means it can be used as a parameter or return value of a method exposed to the
scripting API.

+------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Godot datatype         | Closest C++ STL datatype | Comment                                                                             |
+========================+==========================+=====================================================================================+

> | ``String`` 📜          | ``std::string``          | **Use this as the "default" string type.**                                          |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ``String`` 📜          | ``std::string``          | **Use this as the "default" string type.** ``String`` uses UTF-32 encoding.                                         |
```

+------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``StringName`` 📜      | ``std::string``          | Uses string interning for fast lookups. Use this for static strings that are        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ``StringName`` 📜      | ``std::string``          | Uses string interning for fast comparisons. Use this for static strings that are        |
```

|                        |                          | referenced frequently and used in multiple locations in the engine.                 |
+------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``Vector``             | ``std::vector``          | **Use this as the "default" vector type.** Uses copy-on-write semantics.            |
|                        |                          | This means it's generally slower but can be copied around almost for free.          |
+------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``LocalVector``        | ``std::vector``          | Closer to ``std::vector`` in semantics. In most situations, ``Vector`` should be    |
|                        |                          | preferred.                                                                          |
+------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``Array`` 📜           | ``std::vector``          | Values can be of any Variant type. No static typing is imposed.                     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ``Array`` 📜           | ``std::vector``          | Values can be of any Variant type. No static typing is imposed. Uses shared reference counting, similar to ``std::shared_ptr``.                    |
```

+------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``TypedArray`` 📜      | ``std::vector``          | Equivalent to ``Array`` but with static typing for its elements.                    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ``TypedArray`` 📜      | ``std::vector``          | Subclass of ``Array`` but with static typing for its elements.                    |
```

|                        |                          | Not to be confused with ``Packed*Array``, which is internally a ``Vector``.         |
+------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``Packed*Array`` 📜    | ``std::vector``          | Equivalent to ``Vector``, e.g. ``PackedColorArray = Vector<Color>``.                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ``Packed*Array`` 📜    | ``std::vector``          | Alias of ``Vector``, e.g. ``PackedColorArray = Vector<Color>``.                |
```

|                        |                          | Only a limited list of packed array types are available                             |
|                        |                          | (use ``TypedArray`` otherwise).                                                     |
+------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``Span``               | ``std::span``            | Represents read-only access to a contiguous array without needing to copy any data. |
|                        |                          | See `pull request description <https://github.com/godotengine/godot/pull/100293>`__ |
|                        |                          | for details.                                                                        |
+------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``HashSet``            | ``std::set``             | **Use this as the "default" set type.**                                             |

Reviewer: As both are hash containers, especially since `HashSet` doesn't offer any insertion ordering
```suggestion
| ``HashSet``            | ``std::unordered_set``   | **Use this as the "default" set type.**                                             |
```

+------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``RBSet``              | ``std::set``             | Uses a `red-black tree <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Red-black_tree>`__            |
|                        |                          | for faster access.                                                                  |
+------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``HashMap``            | ``std::map``             | **Use this as the "default" map type.** Iteration is different from ``std::map``    |

Reviewer: I'd argue that the relevant difference isn't the ordering, but the keying, `std::map` is a key based system, which is mostly relevant for things like time complexity, so I'd say this should be `std::unordered_map`

|                        |                          | (``HashMap`` is insertion-ordered, while ``std::map`` is key-ordered).              |
+------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``AHashMap``           | ``std::map``             | Array-based implementation of a hash map.                                           |
+------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``OAHashMap``          | ``std::unordered_map``   | Does not preserve insertion order. Generally faster than ``HashMap`` and            |

> |                        |                          | ``AHashMap``.                                                                       |

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure it's faster than `AHashMap`. I don't quite remember how they compare in terms of speed.

Author: I remember reduz mentioning this a few years ago (along with many pull requests that replaced uses of `HashMap` and `AHashMap` with `OAHashMap` for performance reasons. It's possible the performance situation has changed since then, so I've removed the note.

+------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``Dictionary`` 📜      | ``std::map``             | Keys and values can be of any Variant type. No static typing is imposed.            |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ``Dictionary`` 📜      | ``std::map``             | Keys and values can be of any Variant type. No static typing is imposed. Uses shared reference counting, similar to ``std::shared_ptr``.           |
```

+------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | ``TypedDictionary`` 📜 | ``std::map``             | Equivalent to ``Dictionary`` but with static typing for its keys and values.        |

Reviewer: Same for `Dictionary`, as they are just `HashMap`, and again aren't ordered on key (unless sorted)

> | ``TypedDictionary`` 📜 | ``std::map``             | Equivalent to ``Dictionary`` but with static typing for its keys and values.        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| ``TypedDictionary`` 📜 | ``std::map``             | Alias of ``Dictionary`` but with static typing for its keys and values.        |
```

+------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| ``Pair``               | ``std::pair``            | Stores a single key-value pair.                                                     |
+------------------------+--------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> \*: For certain use cases, this alternative datatype is more performant or has

Reviewer 2: I don't think this disclaimer is relevant anymore?

characteristics that are more suitable for the task at hand. However, it is not
always a direct replacement for the recommended datatype. Ask for advice if you
are unsure.

.. note::

>     Godot also has a ``List`` datatype (which is a linked list). While ``List``

Reviewer 2: It's probably fine to move `List` into the table, and just put the usage disclaimer in the comment box. Slow or not, it _is_ a regular collection type.

This means that pull requests should **not** use ``std::string``,
``std::vector`` and the like. Instead, use Godot's datatypes as described below:

+------------------------+----------------------------+-------------------------------------------+
| C++ STL datatype       | Recommended Godot datatype | Alternative Godot datatype*               |
+========================+============================+===========================================+

> | ``std::string``        | ``String``                 | ``StringName``                            |

Author: They are pretty specific, so I won't list them here.

| ``std::array``         | ``Array``                  | ``TypedArray``                            |
+------------------------+----------------------------+-------------------------------------------+
| ``std::span``          | ``Span``                   |                                           |
+------------------------+----------------------------+-------------------------------------------+
| ``std::set``           | ``HashSet``                | ``RBSet``                                 |
+------------------------+----------------------------+-------------------------------------------+
| ``std::map``           | ``OAHashMap``              | ``AHashMap``, ``HashMap``, ``Dictionary`` |
+------------------------+----------------------------+-------------------------------------------+
| ``std::unordered_map`` | ``OAHashMap``              | ``AHashMap``, ``HashMap``, ``Dictionary`` |
+------------------------+----------------------------+-------------------------------------------+
| ``std::pair``          | ``Pair``                   |                                           |
+------------------------+----------------------------+-------------------------------------------+

> | ``std::variant``       | ``Variant``                |                                           |

Author: OK, I'll remove it then.
